>> Brian Holt: The next thing I want to do
here is I want to migrate this from ESLint
to TSLint.
Now, let's chat a second about TSLint.
They plan to eventually get rid of
TSLint and move everyone on to ESLint,
both TypeScript and
ESLint normal users, right?
So why am I teaching you TSLint today?
Because getting, they're still
in the process of migrating and
it's going to take like a while.
I'm going to guess over a year for
them to finally get everyone
from TSlint on to ESlint.
And so ESlint is just not ready for
TypeScript users yet.
So that's why I'm going to
show you TSlint right now.
Is because right now,
if I'm starting a brand new project,
I'm still going to use TSlint
then migrate later to ESlint,
because TSlint is just better at
working with TypeScript than ESlint is.
So let's go ahead and get that done.
So we're gonna do,
>> Brian Holt: Maybe.
>> Brian Holt: We're gonna say pm,
uninstall eslint babel-eslint
eslint-config-prettier.
>> Brian Holt: eslint-plugin-import.
>> Brian Holt: eslint plugin-jsx-a11y.
And eslint plugin-react.
And eslint-plugin-react-hooks.
Now, what you could do here is
you could leave some of these and
take away other of them, and
kind of have both of them.
Cuz ESlint does understand TypeScript,
it just doesn't have very many
TypeScript specific rules yet.
For now, I'm just gonna show you how
to take the ESlint out totally, and
reimplement it with TSlint.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so in other words,
we're going to take all of our
ESlint stuff out and we're going
to replace it with TSlint stuff.
>> Brian Holt: Okay,
we're going to say ESlint install,
sorry, blah, eslint, npm install -D tslint
tslint-react tslint-config-prettier.
>> Brian Holt: Okay.
Go ahead and
delete your eslint config doc here.
So I'm gonna delete that,
move it to trash.
And then I'm going to
make a new file here.
Well, let's go ahead and
change this first.
Go to package.json.
And change lint to be tslint --project.
>> Brian Holt: So this --project means,
hey, there's a tsconfig,
read everything from the tsconfig,
which it's getting from TypeScript.
Okay, now make a new file.
Once you've gotten this lint one
changed to tslint --project.
New file, and
we're gonna call it tslint.json.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, and we're going to do
extends tslint:recommended,
tslint-react, and
tslint-config-prettier.
So again, it doesn't matter
that the order of these two,
it just matters that
the config-prettier is last.
Because all this does is turn off things
that prettier's already taken care of.
>> Brian Holt: And then we're gonna
turn off a bunch of rules, because
tslint recommended is really annoying if
you don't turn off some of these rules.
So ordered imports.
This is one where you have to
like alphabetize imports, and
I am just not into that.
Object sort,
let's see object literal key sort.
>> Brian Holt: Object literal.
>> Brian Holt: Sort keys, that's one.
This one, same thing.
It forces you, if you make an object, you
have to alphabetize all of the keys in it.
And no,
why would I ever wanna do that, right?
So false, turn that off.
No console, cuz we're using console
in some places, so turn that off.
>> Brian Holt: jsx-no-lambda.
This obviously would not work with hooks,
[LAUGH] so
you can turn that one off as well.
>> Brian Holt: And member ordering,
that's another thing where you
have to alphabetize things.
And as you can see,
you might be catching a theme here.
I don't want to alphabetize anything.
That one just doesn't
make any sense to me.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so
that should get us started with tslint.
The next thing that you probably wanna do,
is you wanna come over here and
you wanna search for tslint for
an extension for VSCode.
And obviously don't get
the deprecated one,
get the one that's made by
Microsoft here and install that.
And this will allow you to see all these
lint errors directly in your editor.